# CONVENSIONAL_CONTROLLER_OF_MIMO_AND_SISO
Most chemical processes are basically multi-input/multi-output(MIMO) systems. Despite the development of advanced multivariable controllers, the multi-
loop PI/PID control using multiple single-input/single-output (SISO) PI/PID controllers remains the standard for controlling MIMO systems with modest interaction because of its simple and failure tolerant structure and adequate performance. However, due to process and loop interactions, the design and tuning of multi-loop controllers is much more difficult compared with that of single-loop controllers. Since the controllers interact with each other,
the tuning of one loop cannot be done independently. Applying the tuning methods for a SISO system to multi-loop systems often leads to poor performance and stability. Much research has been focused on how to efficiently take loop interactions into account in the multi-loop controller design. Many methods have been proposed, including the detuning method, sequential loop closing (SLC) method, relay auto-tuning method, and independent loop method. level control problem based on four interconnected water tanks and two pumps.The inputs to the process are the voltages to the two pumps and the outputs are the water levels in the lower two tanks. The Quadruple-Tank Process can easily be built by using standard equipment available in many control laboratories. The setup is thus simple, but still,the process can illustrate several interesting multivariable phenomena. One of its main features is that the zero dynamics can be made minimum phase or nonminimum phase by simply changing a valve. For the linearized model of the process, both the zero location and the zero direction have direct physical interpretations. Also, the relative gain array has a straightforward meaning for the process. The Quadruple-Tank Process is thus suitable to use in teaching fundamentals of multivariable control
